Added warning for build guides (#1806)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/contributing/build-on-centos.md

* We will be using etcd as the topology service. The command `make tools` can also install Zookeeper or Consul for you, which requires additional dependencies.

> {{<warning>}}Make sure to follow all the steps in this guide to prevent potential issues during testing.{{</warning>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<warning>}}Be sure to follow all the steps in this guide to avoid running into problems later on.{{</warning>}}
```
